Support user format-like macros (#9948)
rust-lang/rust-clippy: book/src/attribs.md

# Attributes for Crate Authors

> In some cases it is possible extend Clippy coverage to include 3rd party libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases it is possible to extend Clippy coverage to 3rd party libraries. To do this, Clippy provides attributes that can be applied to items in the 3rd party crate.
```

Please format after applying.

# Attributes for Crate Authors

In some cases it is possible to extend Clippy coverage to 3rd party libraries.
To do this, Clippy provides attributes that can be applied to items in the 3rd party crate.

## `#[clippy::format_args]`

_Available since Clippy v1.84_

This attribute can be added to a macro that supports `format!`-like syntax.
It tells Clippy that the macro is a formatting macro, and that the arguments to the macro
should be linted as if they were arguments to `format!`. Any lint that would apply to a
`format!` call will also apply to the macro call. The macro may have additional arguments

> before the format string, and these will be ignored.

Reviewer 2: There are lints that apply to `format!` that wouldn't apply to macros marked with the attr, might want to list it as `format!`/`println!`/etc or similar

Reviewer 2: e.g. `format_in_format_args`

Author: @Alexendoo thx, updated
